contrib: add reschedule_job_as_full.sh (#1786)
bareos/bareos: contrib/misc/reschedule_job_as_full/README.md

# helper script to reschedule a failed job

This helper script can be used to reschedule a failed job 
to level=Full.

This kind of situation is encountered often by plugin job
running an incremental and not suitable full is detected.

> The job will failed on each run until a valid full is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job will fail on each run until a valid full is done.

So when the plugin detects such a state, it must emit a
job message that contains the string "A new full level
backup of this job is required." and it must ensure to
terminate the job with failure.
```

Author: picked.

> You can add this runscript resource in your job jobdefs like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add this runscript resource in your job or jobdefs like this:
```

Author: done
